Add documentation for ICorDebugProcess4 (#10373)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/icordebugprocess4-interface.md

---
title: "ICorDebugProcess4 Interface"
ms.date: "02/07/2019"
api_name:
  - "ICorDebugProcess4"
api_location:
  - "mscordbi.dll"
api_type:
  - "COM"
f1_keywords:
  - "ICorDebugProcess4"
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "ICorDebugProcess4 interface [.NET Framework debugging]"
topic_type:
  - "apiref"
author: "hoyosjs"
ms.author: "juhoyosa"
---
# ICorDebugProcess4 Interface

> Provides support for out of process execution control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Provides support for out of process execution control.
```

## Methods

| Method                                                                                                                    | Description                                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [ProcessStateChanged](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/icordebugprocess4-processstatechanged-method.md) | Notifies the ICorDebug pipeline that the out of process debugger is continuing the debugee's execution. |

Reviewer: Easier to use the shorter path. The long paths are due to the script that migrated the content from MSDN

```suggestion
| [ProcessStateChanged](icordebugprocess4-processstatechanged-method.md) | Notifies the ICorDebug pipeline that the out of process debugger is continuing the debugee's execution. |
```

## Remarks

> This interface lives inside the runtime and is not exposed through any headers or library files. However, it's a COM interface that derives from `IUnknown` with GUID `E930C679-78AF-4953-8AB7-B0AABF0F9F80` that can be obtained through the usual COM mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface lives inside the runtime and isn't exposed through any headers or library files. However, it's a COM interface that derives from `IUnknown` with GUID `E930C679-78AF-4953-8AB7-B0AABF0F9F80` that can be obtained through the usual COM mechanisms.
```
